Added the change tracking module. (#78)
sebassem/azure_arc: docs/azure_arc_jumpstart/azure_arc_servers/levelup/_index.md

#### Task 2

### Module 5: Monitor changes to your Azure Arc-enabled servers using Change Tracking and Inventory

#### Module overview

> Change Tracking and Inventory is an inbuilt Azure service, provided by Azure Automation. The old version uses the Log Analytics agent, while the new (preview) version uses the Azure Monitor Agent (AMA). The training here is taken from https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/automation/change-tracking/overview-monitoring-agent?tabs=win-az-vm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change Tracking and Inventory is an built-in Azure service, provided by Azure Automation. The old version uses the Log Analytics agent, while the new (preview) version uses the Azure Monitor Agent (AMA).

```

#### Prerequisites

The following are required for this module to function:

> 1. Ensure that the servers are already provisioned in Arc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that the servers are already on-boarded to Azure Arc.

```

> 2. Ensure that the AMA is already provisioned on every server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Ensure that the Azure Monitor agent (AMA) is already deployed on every Arc-enabled server.

```

3. Ensure that the servers are already enrolled in Defender for Servers (this is required for File Integrity Monitoring)

Currently, the policies to enable Change tracking and inventory with AMA are in preview. For a seamless policy experience, we recommend that you begin by enabling the Microsoft.Compute/AutomaticExtensionUpgradePreview feature flag for your specific subscription. To register for this feature flag, go to Azure portal > Subscriptions > Select specific subscription name. In the Preview features, select Automatic Extension Upgrade Preview and then select Register.

![Screenshot showing how to enable preview change tracking](./changetracking-enable.png)

#### Current Limitations

The following table lists the current limitations for Change Tracking And Inventory
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/automation/change-tracking/overview-monitoring-agent?tabs=win-az-vm#current-limitations

Ensure that you have the correct region mappings for Azure Automation account and Log Analytics workspace as not all regions support both:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/automation/how-to/region-mappings

> #### Task 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Task 1: Creating an Automation account

```

> Creating an Automation Account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

First create an automation account in Azure in the same location as Arcbox - ensure that the region mapping is supported as in the table above.
```powershell
$automationaccountname = "<your automation account name>"
$location = "<your azure location>"
$resourcegroupname = "<Your resource group name>"
az automation account create --automation-account-name $automationaccountname --location $location --sku "Free" --resource-group $resourcegroupname
```

> The Automation Account must also enable Change Tracking and Inventory by linking to the ArcBox Log Analytics workspace crated previously.

Reviewer: No need for this point as we are using Azure Policy to enable change tracking

![Screenshot showing how to enable inventory in Automation Account](./changetracking-ct-enabled.png)

> #### Task 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Task 2: Enabling Change Tracking and Inventory

```

> Enabling Change Tracking and Inventory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ```note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>NOTE: 
```

> For Azure Arc - you must then deploy a special policy and create a Data Collection Rule (DCR) to specify the data collection characteristics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>For Azure Arc - you must then deploy a special policy and create a Data Collection Rule (DCR) to specify the data collection characteristics.

```

> Follow the link here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Follow the link here:

```

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/automation/change-tracking/enable-vms-monitoring-agent?tabs=multiplevms%2Carcvm

The DCR will have already been deployed as part of the setup for this levelup,
but you will need to know where to do this for your own environments in future.
The policy deployment is done below.
```

You will need to deploy an Azure Initiative to enable Change Tracking on ARC enabled Virtual Machines.

> - In the Azure portal, search for the text "Preview" and for a definition type of "Initiative".

Reviewer: Try to use the same steps as Azure Monitor, to first search for policy then the policy itself. Don;t use this policy, instead use the one the starts with (ArcBox), this is the new policy

    ![Screenshot showing searching for changeTracking Initiative in the azure portal](./changetracking-lookforpolicy.png)

- Click on "_[Preview]: Enable ChangeTracking and Inventory for Arc-Enabled virtual machines_".

    ![Screenshot showing the 6 policies in the Initiative](./changetracking-6policies.png)

- Click "_Assign Initiative_".

    ![Screenshot showing assigning the policy](./changetracking-assignpolicy1.png)

- Select the right scope (management group, subscription and resource group) for the resource group where you deployed _ArcBox_.

    ![Screenshot showing assigning the policy to the right scope](./changetracking-assignpolicy2.png)

- After validating the scope, click "Next" twice to navigate to the parameters tab.

- To get the "Data Collection Rule" resource Id,  run the following CLI command

```shell

> az resource show --name "MSVMI-ama-vmi-default-dcr" `

Reviewer: This is the vminsights dcr not the change tracking one

                 --resource-group "<resource group name>" `
                 --resource-type Microsoft.Insights/dataCollectionRules `
                 --query id `
                 --output tsv
```

- You can also find the "Data Collection Rule" resource Id from the Azure portal. Search for the _MSVMI-ama-vmi-default-dcr_ data collection rule.

- Then click create for the initiave to be assigned to the _arcbox_ resource group.
- Once it has been assigned, copy the assignmentID, as you will need it in the next part.

> ![Screenshot showing the policyassignment](./changetracking-assignmentid.png)

Reviewer: the screenshot has a red line, not sure if you meant to hide the subscription id

Author: That is for the az command on the next part - to programmaically create remediation tasks for the policies.

"/providers/Microsoft.Authorization/policyDefinitions/09a1f130-7697-42bc-8d84-8a9ea17e5187", `
"/providers/Microsoft.Authorization/policyDefinitions/4bb303db-d051-4099-95d2-e3e1428a4cd5", `
"/providers/Microsoft.Authorization/policyDefinitions/10caed8a-652c-4d1d-84e4-2805b7c07278", `
"/providers/Microsoft.Authorization/policyDefinitions/ef9fe2ce-a588-4edd-829c-6247069dcfdb", `
"/providers/Microsoft.Authorization/policyDefinitions/09a1f130-7697-42bc-8d84-8a9ea17e5192"

$count=1
$defid | foreach { `
az policy remediation create --resource-group $resourcegroup -n "Force ChangeTracking policy $count " --policy-assignment `
$policyassignmentid --resource-discovery-mode ReEvaluateCompliance --definition-reference-id $_ ;`
$count++
}

#Sometimes, the portal does not show the remediation task created via AZ CLI.
#In that case, run

az policy remediation list

#to see the status of the remediation task.
```
You can see the processing state of each rememdiation task by clicking on the _Remediation_ tab

![Screenshot showing the policyassignment](./changetracking-forcingremediation.png)

Please be patient as it takes a while for onboarding to work.

> #### Task 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Task 3: Using Change Tracking

```

> Using Change Tracking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
